What are you doing?
It doesn't matter.
The important thing is that I can take it now
Longfeng
Don't call
Zhao Longfeng is already lying on the ground
Otherwise, I wouldn't have a chance. You come in and make me cry miserably
Are you threatening me?
Not a threat
I hope you can realize your dream and become a monk
After all, you are his father
Lord Meng also hopes to receive your blessing
Yuyang, thank you for understanding me, silly girl.
Of course I can understand
You are my wife
That's enough!
Do you want me to bless you?
tell
Don't say I'm embarrassing you
You have the ability, you come up with a million dowry
Let you take out the million-dollar bride gift immediately
I will marry you my dream
Mom, aren't you embarrassing Yuyang?
You know what's going on in his family
How could you possibly get 1 million
I can't even take out the million-dollar dowry
Why did you marry my daughter?
Lord Long's bride price has been credited to your account.